[Demo] Add logs description for recommendation service (#2951)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/demo/services/recommendation.md

## Logs

### Initializing Logs

The OpenTelemetry SDK is initialized in the `__main__` code block. This code
will create a logger provider with a batch processor, an OTLP log exporter, and
a logging handler. Finally, a logger is created to be used for creating logs
throughout the application.

```python
    logger_provider = LoggerProvider(
        resource=Resource.create(
            {
                'service.name': service_name,
            }
        ),
    )
    set_logger_provider(logger_provider)
    log_exporter = OTLPLogExporter(insecure=True)
    logger_provider.add_log_record_processor(BatchLogRecordProcessor(log_exporter))
    handler = LoggingHandler(level=logging.NOTSET, logger_provider=logger_provider)

    logger = logging.getLogger('main')

>     logger.addHandler(handler)

Reviewer: Where is `logging` (line 116 above) defined? Should it be `handler` instead? Or maybe the code should use `logging_handler`?

>     logger.addHandler(handler)

Author: Other code blocks above in the same document are indented in the same way. We could align them as well. Should all be unindented?

>     logger.addHandler(handler)

Author: `logging` is imported separately at the beginning of the service code.

>     logger.addHandler(handler)

Reviewer: Yeah, I just saw that other code blocks are indented.
They should all be unindented. We can probably handle that in a separate PR, unless you'd be willing to fix it. 😄

>     logger.addHandler(handler)

Author: ok, I think a separate PR would be good to go through all other pages as well.

```

### Create log records

> Log records are created by using a logger, which was previously attached to the
> logging handler. Examples can be found in ListRecommendation and
> get_product_list functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create logs using the logger. Examples can be found in `ListRecommendation` and
`get_product_list` functions.
```

Reviewer: Earlier in this page `ListRecommendation` is plural, should is be plural here too?

Author: yes

> get_product_list functions.

Reviewer: Earlier in the page `ListRecommendations` (note the "s") is used. Should is be plural here too?

I don't think it is useful to mention the handler here.

Here's a suggested edit:

```suggestion
Use the logger to create log records. Examples can be found in the `ListRecommendation` and 
`get_product_list` functions.
```

Author: > Earlier in the page `ListRecommendations` (note the "s") is used. Should is be plural here too?

Yes, it should be with "s".

```python

>     logger.info(f"Receive ListRecommendations for product ids:{prod_list}")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logger.info(f"Receive ListRecommendations for product ids:{prod_list}")
```

Author: same indentation comment as above

```

> As you can see, after the initialization, log records can be created in the same
> way as in standard Python. OpenTelemetry libraries will automatically add
> trace_id and span_id for each log record and, in this way, enable correlating
> logs and traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, after the initialization, log records can be created in the same
way as in standard Python. OpenTelemetry libraries automatically add a trace ID
and span ID for each log record and, in this way, enable correlating 
logs and traces.
```

### Notes

> Logs for Python are still experimental, and some changes can be expected. The
> implementation in this service follows the Python log example that is available
> [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/blob/stable/docs/examples/logs/example.py).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs for Python are still experimental, and some changes can be expected. The
implementation in this service follows the [Python log example](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/blob/stable/docs/examples/logs/example.py).
```
